extract.txt Codebook
=================

The experiments have been carried out with a group of 30 volunteers within an age bracket of 19-48 years. Each person performed six activities (WALKING, WALKING_UPSTAIRS, WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS, SITTING, STANDING, LAYING) wearing a smartphone (Samsung Galaxy S II) on the waist. For the measurement, the Prefix 't' to denote time, 'f' to indicate frequency domain signals.

Subject: the index of the 30 volunteers, range from 1 to 30.
Activity: the six activities, within WALKING, WALKING_UPSTAIRS, WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS, SITTING, STANDING, LAYING.
tBodyAcc-mean()-X:				The mean of tBodyAcc-mean()-X for each Subject and Activity
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y:				The mean of tBodyAcc-mean()-Y for each Subject and Activity
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z:				The mean of tBodyAcc-mean()-Z for each Subject and Activity
tBodyAcc-std()-X:				The mean of tBodyAcc-std()-X for each Subject and Activity
tBodyAcc-std()-Y:				The mean of tBodyAcc-std()-Y for each Subject and Activity 
tBodyAcc-std()-Z:				The mean of tBodyAcc-std()-Z for each Subject and Activity
tGravityAcc-mean()-X:			The mean of tGravityAcc-mean()-X for each Subject and Activity
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y:           The mean of tGravityAcc-mean()-Y for each Subject and Activity
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z:           The mean of tGravityAcc-mean()-Z for each Subject and Activity
tGravityAcc-std()-X:            The mean of tGravityAcc-std()-X for each Subject and Activity
tGravityAcc-std()-Y:            The mean of tGravityAcc-std()-Y for each Subject and Activity
tGravityAcc-std()-Z:            The mean of tGravityAcc-std()-Z for each Subject and Activity
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X:          The mean of tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X for each Subject and Activity
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y:          The mean of tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y for each Subject and Activity
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z:          The mean of tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z for each Subject and Activity
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X:           The mean of tBodyAccJerk-std()-X for each Subject and Activity
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y:           The mean of tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y for each Subject and Activity
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z:           The mean of tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z for each Subject and Activity
tBodyGyro-mean()-X:             The mean of tBodyGyro-mean()-X for each Subject and Activity
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y:             The mean of tBodyGyro-mean()-Y for each Subject and Activity
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z:             The mean of tBodyGyro-mean()-Z for each Subject and Activity
tBodyGyro-std()-X:              The mean of tBodyGyro-std()-X for each Subject and Activity
tBodyGyro-std()-Y:              The mean of tBodyGyro-std()-Y for each Subject and Activity
tBodyGyro-std()-Z:              The mean of tBodyGyro-std()-Z for each Subject and Activity
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X:         The mean of tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X for each Subject and Activity
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y:         The mean of tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y for each Subject and Activity
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z:         The mean of tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z for each Subject and Activity
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X:          The mean of tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X for each Subject and Activity
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y:          The mean of tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y for each Subject and Activity
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z:          The mean of tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z for each Subject and Activity
tBodyAccMag-mean():             The mean of tBodyAccMag-mean() for each Subject and Activity
tBodyAccMag-std():              The mean of tBodyAccMag-std() for each Subject and Activity
tGravityAccMag-mean():          The mean of tGravityAccMag-mean() for each Subject and Activity
tGravityAccMag-std():           The mean of tGravityAccMag-std() for each Subject and Activity
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean():         The mean of tBodyAccJerkMag-mean() for each Subject and Activity
tBodyAccJerkMag-std():          The mean of tBodyAccJerkMag-std() for each Subject and Activity
tBodyGyroMag-mean():            The mean of tBodyGyroMag-mean() for each Subject and Activity
tBodyGyroMag-std():             The mean of tBodyGyroMag-std() for each Subject and Activity
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean():        The mean of tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() for each Subject and Activity
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std():         The mean of tBodyGyroJerkMag-std() for each Subject and Activity
fBodyAcc-mean()-X:              The mean of fBodyAcc-mean()-X for each Subject and Activity
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y:              The mean of fBodyAcc-mean()-Y for each Subject and Activity
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z:              The mean of fBodyAcc-mean()-Z for each Subject and Activity
fBodyAcc-std()-X:               The mean of fBodyAcc-std()-X for each Subject and Activity
fBodyAcc-std()-Y:               The mean of fBodyAcc-std()-Y for each Subject and Activity
fBodyAcc-std()-Z:               The mean of fBodyAcc-std()-Z for each Subject and Activity
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-X:          The mean of fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-X for each Subject and Activity
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Y:          The mean of fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Y for each Subject and Activity
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Z:          The mean of fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Z for each Subject and Activity
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X:          The mean of fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X for each Subject and Activity
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y:          The mean of fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y for each Subject and Activity
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z:          The mean of fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z for each Subject and Activity
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X:           The mean of fBodyAccJerk-std()-X for each Subject and Activity
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y:           The mean of fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y for each Subject and Activity
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z:           The mean of fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z for each Subject and Activity
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-X:      The mean of fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-X for each Subject and Activity
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Y:      The mean of fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Y for each Subject and Activity
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Z:      The mean of fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Z for each Subject and Activity
fBodyGyro-mean()-X:             The mean of fBodyGyro-mean()-X for each Subject and Activity
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y:             The mean of fBodyGyro-mean()-Y for each Subject and Activity
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z:             The mean of fBodyGyro-mean()-Z for each Subject and Activity
fBodyGyro-std()-X:              The mean of fBodyGyro-std()-X for each Subject and Activity
fBodyGyro-std()-Y:              The mean of fBodyGyro-std()-Y for each Subject and Activity
fBodyGyro-std()-Z:              The mean of fBodyGyro-std()-Z for each Subject and Activity
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-X:         The mean of fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-X for each Subject and Activity
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Y:         The mean of fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Y for each Subject and Activity
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Z:         The mean of fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Z for each Subject and Activity
fBodyAccMag-mean():             The mean of fBodyAccMag-mean() for each Subject and Activity
fBodyAccMag-std():              The mean of fBodyAccMag-std() for each Subject and Activity
fBodyAccMag-meanFreq():         The mean of fBodyAccMag-meanFreq() for each Subject and Activity
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean():     The mean of fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean() for each Subject and Activity
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std():      The mean of fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std() for each Subject and Activity
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-meanFreq(): The mean of fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-meanFreq() for each Subject and Activity
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean():        The mean of fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean() for each Subject and Activity
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std():         The mean of fBodyBodyGyroMag-std() for each Subject and Activity
fBodyBodyGyroMag-meanFreq():    The mean of fBodyBodyGyroMag-meanFreq() for each Subject and Activity
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean():    The mean of fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() for each Subject and Activity
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std():     The mean of fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std() for each Subject and Activity
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-meanFreq():The mean of fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-meanFreq() for each Subject and Activity
